Documentation about the new kubewarden-defaults chart. (#97)
kubewarden/docs: src/quick-start.md

helm install --wait -n kubewarden --create-namespace kubewarden-crds kubewarden/kubewarden-crds

helm install --wait -n kubewarden kubewarden-controller kubewarden/kubewarden-controller

helm install --wait -n kubewarden kubewarden-defaults kubewarden/kubewarden-defaults
```

The following charts should be installed inside the `kubewarden` namespace in your Kubernetes cluster:

* `kubewarden-crds`, which will register the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` and `PolicyServer` Custom Resource Definitions

* `kubewarden-controller`, which will install the Kubewarden controller

> * `kubewarden-defaults`, which will create a `PolicyServer` resource named `default`.

Reviewer: This can also install a set of recommended policies to secure your cluster by enforcing some well known best practices.

> **WARNING:**
> Since [`v0.4.0`](https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-controller/releases/tag/v0.4.0), a PolicyServer resource named default will not be created using the `kubewarden-controller` chart.
> There is another Helm chart called `kubewarden-defaults`, which now installs
> the default policy server.
>
> This also means that if you are not using the latest version of the `kubewarden-controller` and are trying to upgrade,

> > your default policy server will not be upgraded or deleted. As a result, you might still run into

Reviewer 2: Omitting still

```suggestion
> your default policy server will not be upgraded or deleted. As a result, you might run into
```

> > issues if you try to install the `kubewarden-defaults` with some conflicting information ,for example the same policy server name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> issues if you try to install the `kubewarden-defaults` with some conflicting information, for example the same policy server name.
```

> Therefore, to be able to take advantage of future upgrades in the `kubewarden-defaults` helm chart you need to remove the

> > existing PolicyServer resource created by the `kubewarden-controller` before installing the new chart. With this step, you ensure that you are able to update your policy server using Helm upgrades without running into

Reviewer 3: It might be worth mentioning that removing the default `PolicyServer` will also remove all policies bounded to it.

helm install --wait -n kubewarden --create-namespace kubewarden-crds kubewarden/kubewarden-crds

helm install --wait -n kubewarden kubewarden-controller kubewarden/kubewarden-controller

> helm install --wait -n kubewarden kubewarden-controller kubewarden/kubewarden-defaults

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
helm install --wait -n kubewarden kubewarden-defaults kubewarden/kubewarden-defaults
```

```

The following charts should be installed inside the `kubewarden` namespace in your Kubernetes cluster:

* `kubewarden-crds`, which will register the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` and `PolicyServer` Custom Resource Definitions

> * `kubewarden-controller`, it installs the Kubewarden controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kubewarden-controller`, which will install the Kubewarden controller
```

> * `kubewarden-defaults`, it creates a `PolicyServer` resource named `default`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kubewarden-defaults`, which will create a `PolicyServer` resource named `default`.
```

> **WARNING:**

> > Since `kubewarden-controller` version `v0.4.0` no Policy Server is installed in the chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Since [`v0.4.0`](https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-controller/releases/tag/v0.4.0), a PolicyServer resource named default will not be created using the `kubewarden-controller` chart.
```

> > Since than, there is a another Helm chart called `kubewarden-defaults`, which can be used to install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There is another Helm chart called `kubewarden-defaults`, which will be used to install
```

> > There is another Helm chart called `kubewarden-defaults`, which will be used to install

Reviewer 4: Nit:

```suggestion
> There is another Helm chart called `kubewarden-defaults`, which now installs
```

> > the default Policy Server. This has been done for a better user experience in the installation process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> the default policy server.
```

> > Avoiding some scenarios where the Kubewarden controller was not ready and Helm starts to deploy the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Previously, the installation used to run into errors if the Kubewarden controller was not ready and Helm had begun to deploy the
```

> > Previously, the installation used to run into errors if the Kubewarden controller was not ready and Helm had begun to deploy the

Reviewer 4: Nitpicking, but I would drop this paragraph honestly. No need to point them to past bugs :).

> > Policy Server. Causing errors in the installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> policy server. With the addition of a dedicated helm chart for the default policy server creation, we aim to improve the user experience during the installation process. 
```

>

> > This also means that if you use the `kubewarden-controller` before this version, when you upgrade

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This also means that if you are not using the latest version of the `kubewarden-controller` and are trying to upgrade,
```

> > the release, your default policy server will not be upgraded or deleted. And, you can run into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> your default policy server will not be upgraded or deleted. As a result, you might still run into
```

> > issues if you try to install the `kubewarden-defaults` with some conflicting info. (e.g. the same policy server name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> issues if you try to install the `kubewarden-defaults` with some conflicting information ,for example the same policy server name.
```

> > Therefore, to be able to take advantage of the future upgrades in the `kubewarden-defaults` you need to remove the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Therefore, to be able to take advantage of future upgrades in the `kubewarden-defaults` helm chart you need to remove the
```

> > old Policy Server installed by the `kubewarden-controller` before installing the new chart. Thus, you ensure no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> existing PolicyServer resource created by the `kubewarden-controller` before installing the new chart. With this step, you ensure that you are able to update your policy server using Helm upgrades without running into
```

> > resources conflicts and it will allows you to upgrade your Policy Server using Helm upgrades.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> resource conflicts.
```

> As we have seen, the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resource is the core type that a cluster operator has to manage, the rest of the resources needed to run the policies and configure them will be taken care of automatically by the `kubewarden-controller` module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As we have seen, `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` is the core resource that a cluster operator has to manage. The `kubewarden-controller` module automatically takes care of the configuration for the rest of the resources needed to run the policies.
```

As we have seen, the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resource is the core type that a cluster operator has to manage, the rest of the resources needed to run the policies and configure them will be taken care of automatically by the `kubewarden-controller` module.

> Now, you are ready to deploy Kubewarden and you can have a look at the policies in [hub.kubewarden.io](https://hub.kubewarden.io), [on Github](https://github.com/topics/kubewarden-policy), or reuse existing Rego policies as shown in the [following chapters!](./writing-policies/rego/01-intro.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, you are ready to deploy Kubewarden! Have a look at the policies on [hub.kubewarden.io](https://hub.kubewarden.io), [on Github](https://github.com/topics/kubewarden-policy), or reuse existing Rego policies as shown in the [following chapters!](./writing-policies/rego/01-intro.md)
```
